Update configuring-openid-connect-in-amazon-web-services.md (#22240)
github/docs: content/actions/deployment/security-hardening-your-deployments/configuring-openid-connect-in-amazon-web-services.md

}
```

> In the following example, StringLike with a wildcard operator, `*`, is used to allow any branch or enviroment from the `octo-org/octo-repo` github organization and repo to assume a role in AWS.

Reviewer: This also allows the PullRequest ref.

Reviewer 2: @kchandra548 -- what do you think of this suggestion?

```suggestion
In the following example, `StringLike` is used with a wildcard operator (`*`) to allow any branch, pull request merge branch, or environment from the `octo-org/octo-repo` organization and repository to assume a role in AWS. 
```

                "StringLike": {
                    "token.actions.githubusercontent.com:sub": "repo:octo-org/octo-repo:*"
                },
                "ForAllValues:StringEquals": {

>                     "token.actions.githubusercontent.com:iss": "https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com",

Reviewer: Nice observation 👍 , yeah we don't need condition on `iss` claim
